# Geological-table-analysis using TensorFlow 2.0

## 1.Introduction
Transforming a large amount of multisource heterogeneous data accumulated within the field of earth science into geological knowledge is becoming a hot research topic in promoting the development of cognitive intelligence. Geological multisource heterogeneous data mainly exist in the form of geological reports and geological maps, and the literature is mainly distributed in the form of natural texts and tables from the various geological investigation processes. Making full use of the information in the geological report files to form knowledge for intelligent surveys is a fundamental task for long-term planning in the geological survey industry. Therefore, it is urgent to design a method to obtain information from geological reports that assists in the forming of geological knowledge and that improves the level of cognitive intelligence analysis in the geological survey process. The analysis results will be fed back to the relevant departments to improve the value of the data.

Currently, most studies on building knowledge graphs using documents are implemented by extracting the textual content in the documents. However, complex documents containing tables are also to be found in other geological documents. Geological tables have a lot of valuable information. Mining semantic information from the tables effectively, combined with textual information, will make the knowledge from the engineering corpus more complete.
